70,000 people who lived in Bakhmut where did you settle them in Russia 35,000 They moved in they live in apartments with payments Where from did you get so many new apartments Yes, we have a million apartments, we have a million apartments, where is a million apartments Why for you Look, I can't understand why Putin can't make apartments for you, but for these people he somehow found Hello, where are you from? Good evening. Where are you from? Kyiv. No, you're not from Russia, you can see where you're from. Let's talk normally. Let's talk. I'm from Krasnodar. Got it, some kind of warrior. Yes, mobile phones, ZRO or a contract soldier. What's the difference Well, like they don't get as much money as a contract soldier Yes, everyone is paid the same Propaganda when a one-time payment is given for signing a contract, they didn't give it Well, they didn't give it I understand how things are going there, okay, okay The Armed Forces have rolled back, what kind of woman is that walking around, you've rolled back, you're at home, don't eat your friend not at home not at home well just rolled back well to the safe zone got it well woman are you at someone's house yeah
it turns out
you're sitting Well Dana, my wife came, she came to see a
friend And this is my wife, I understood, I thought you
Maybe in someone else's house somewhere, no, my wife
came to see a friend, I understood Well, yes, because it's
hard for a friend Without a wife, somehow it's long,
of course And what about you, your wife  doesn't
come Yes I'm not married I understood I would like to
but no there is no Wife And what did you throw away What
happened What exactly Well you say you
threw away And what did you throw away What happened
Well they just pulled our part And what did
you pull away What
happened Not VS roo about a little
bit somewhere  you are visible Yes, nothing,
everything is
fine, just now another
Brigade has arrived They will send us to another direction
I understand And in what
direction were you in Zaporozhye I understand And
where should I send you There in
Zaporozhye we need to hold the
front not Tamr seems to be suffering Seida
we will go to flash something Zaporozhye is important
they will send to Kursk
really yes yes yes
not so there it seems Kursk already said that they
knocked out the Ukrainians a long time ago or not yet
it's been going on for half a year I don't
understand well you know yourself Well what's there  well, I
see that you're probably even filming
us there on camera
in any case you understand
in any case you understand what we're talking about got
it And how much is
your salary now something happened to your
phone and what difference does it make no difference
what Listen and  why did you go to war
Listen, count your money, bro, you know
when it is, and luck will come if you
count your money correctly Yeah
And you went to war Like, to count your money
No, I went for my Motherland
So what's the trick of your Motherland  the
motherland attacked another
motherland Well, God willing they called and went
called went in called or a contract
means they called you and not under a contract what's the
difference bro I don't understand you
left prison
Yes I no I never sat in even a
criminal case nothing And what about
You were called up, but there is no mobilization, how were
you
called up? The jurmas are calling up voluntarily.
Believe me. So wait, stop, stop, that's not right. My wife
says that my wife says that they called up.
How did they call up? If you don't have  conscription
So I don't have a wife Well that Wife A
friend's wife said that they were called up Well there is a
mobilization, partial mobilization M
no why are you pointing this out bro this is for everyone,
mobilization was in the second year, you
didn't have any more mobilization Well well Well
that's how they called up  sit down As you called
so you went And this is you from the twenty-second
year Well yes and why are you surprised Why am I
still alive
Yes, I'm not surprised but I regret a little if you
regret so I will live I am
Lucky I understood I will live until Victory believe me
Yes until the
Pobeda store in the Kursk region  you will
pass by the store there will be a victory and
Drone Lika I have a friend from
Krasnodar by the way Sanya Prokhorov also
went to fight in the Kursk region
last month he died a drone blew his head
apart roro something familiar the last name
so well listen explain what are you fighting
for what for  that you kill
people for the Motherland Well what's the deal for the Motherland
Well how is your Motherland in Russia why are you in
Ukraine you are killing people
Why are you sitting and not killing like that
woman Man speaks woman is silent
Dava now Listen
we have DPR When you started
killing Russians we
had a conflict in 2014 look look look stop
stop stop no look if we had
let's say some kind of conflict  Look, there
was a city called
Bakhmut, why did you destroy the city of Bakhmut?
Tell me,
Russian-speaking people lived there. There was no one there anymore.
Why did you destroy their
city? To hell with them. Why are you even getting into it?
Look, doesn't it seem strange to you
that they seem to be saying that Ukraine
Bombed Donbass for 8 years but Donbass is standing
Donetsk is standing Lugansk is standing And Bakhmut
which you liberated was destroyed what's
the joke don't wait for Donbass Let's go for
Donbass Yes you said so Donbass
Well personally I have relatives
living there and I live there myself I myself  from
Donetsk look I look again
I was born and raised in  Donetsk I
left Donetsk in 2014
because Russia came there
how many children died there you tell me you
tell me Yes I am from Donbass you tell
me a Donetsk boy I grew up in the Donbass arena you
understand I am in the Donbass arena that I
asked you to come and liberate me I am a
Nenets  ABT ly goro a Bakh which you
somehow liberated why was it
destroyed Well because yours
tried there Zelensky va Zelensky tried in
batches in batches sent your boys
right And why did you destroy the city
Look 70,000 people lived in Bakhmut
Yes 70,000 people they raised children there
had fun worked got married why did you
destroy their city in batches you know
I I why Yes in batches why did you destroy
the city Yes why don't you tell me why did you
destroy the city Why did you destroy the bahu
I regret I I regret one thing Well that I
wasn't and I  I regret only one thing that
I
was not you understood yes I didn't understand I didn't understand no I did
n't
understand Evgeny Prigozhin's team And in
Wagner in Evgeny's team I won't
call it you Are you afraid Yes you're even afraid to
call it look it
turns out he's fighting for yes yes tell me Explain to
me why you  destroyed
Bakhmut you climbed there you climbed there
Ukraine was there it was you who climbed there
Ukraine lived there Ukrainians
lived normally why did you destroy it
so they gave them a corridor to leave Why look
why did you even attack Bakhmut so no
corridor was created a corridor measles why did you
even  attacked this city a
city that was important to us
Why was it
important to us strategically it was for us
why why was it strategically important to us Well
look 70,000 people lived there you
destroyed their city for some
strategy of yours Well people survived didn't survive
everything there is zero there  clean all houses
destroyed where they live Where where
no no half of the population Bakh died
half injured in Russia  he's having fun on the same thing I
don't remember for you look again
Wait These people had houses Yes now
they are without houses you destroyed their houses
Explain to me explain Why did you destroy
their houses with payments that chose the
side of Ukraine I don't know what's happening to them
Okay come on come on So
explain to me 70,000 people who lived
in Bakhmut where did you settle them in Russia
35,000 they moved in they live in apartments
with payments Where where did you
get so many new apartments Yes we have a million
apartments we have a million apartments where a
million apartments Why for you Look I
can't  understand why Putin can't
make apartments for you but for these people he
somehow found Well, I mean it's not possible
I have an apartment for vacation look I
look I watched a video with these refugees
from Donbass they say yes they live in
dormitories in basements
no one  they are not given any apartments in Russia
Well, where, where, look, stood up with the
governor of the Novosibirsk region
governor of the Novosibirsk regionYekaterinburg with Yekaterinburg like the mayor like they said no one gives out any apartments I don't know we have propaganda like that everyone got it good Okay tell me how you see Come on how you see this is what you have to win How will you win win Yes you Kyiv have to seize Lvov Berlin what Yes no What Victory bro Well how should Russia win how do you see Russia's victory Russia's victory according to Let's think Yes think how it will be so and it will be you know knock out well zali e from the Great Patriotic War which now Azov not Azov which are all sitting there from where to knock out Yes from your government they have settled in you you want to drive them out of Kyiv I understood correctly yes from Kyiv too they have settled in there too you just don't understand it you understand And when our grandfathers fought for our for our lands and when you found monuments to destroy our grandfathers your grandfather you destroyed where explain to me so I understood We destroyed everything look destroyed how are you going to defeat these
How do you want to capture Explain to me that is you will capture TV and explain to him how do you want to capture Kiev How do you capture Kiev this is a ribbon our ribbon Yes ribbons look we are tearing down ribbons we are removing monuments Yes we are drawing swastikas everything how do you want to capture Kyiv That is for you for that to win you need to capture Kiev, overthrow Zelensky, arrest him, how will you do it? Do you think it's Zelensky's problem to arrest him? Well, the question is Yes, look, if you were near Kiev and ran away from Kiev, how do you want to capture Kyiv, your Zelensky Clone? Believe me, tomorrow will be Donald Trump tomorrow Yes he and he will say ugh and he will stop Imagine how your soldiers like yours why your boys died And your boys why they died because yours will say ugh it's offensive bro That's why it's offensive you understand You look you're offended tell me how to get out Yes I'm not offended I I'm proud you can't win back the Kursk region look you can't  you can't win back the Kursk region from the Kursk region Look I have a number from the Kursk region Where do you think I got it from bro Where do you think this number from the Kursk region is from Look soshe region Why couldn't you protect this car in the Kursk region Why valet pities You see he pities us but he doesn't pity you you see he pities us he pities us And what will you do rivers you did to us where is the hazelnut tree There is no longer anything no one remembers about the hazelnut tree no one remembers about this hazelnut tree for a week something was said in the media and everyone forgot about the hazelnut tree everything now there will be a new topic Explain to me how you want to capture Kyiv when it arrives and you It's interesting how the guys then let it not be you you anyway will not know How you no tell me how come let's just explain to me I I want to understand Maybe it's time to change something in our country How do you want to take over Kyiv? You definitely had to change it
in his country Zelensky's path because it's okay okay look Okay Come on do you want me to tell you the truth So tell me and look I'll explain it to you with us The thing is that the SBU controls everything with us if I don't hang the flag and I won't And if you tell me now don't hang noise on your ears you're in front no no don't look look this is not this don't look if I yes If he hears me I already speak Russian it's forbidden here tell me how can I how can I wait how when will you Free us from Zelensky yourselves master yourselves you will understand when we free you Well, how do you see it, we can't, we can't throw off, we can't go to a rally like this, Russians are free, they can go to rallies, we can't say anything against Zelensky, we understand that Biden and Trump have taken him in their claws, like, that's what we we are waiting for you liberators how how when you liberate Kyiv when we enter the city you will understand everything yes when  you will come in look you were already standing near Kiev in 202 Kyiv in 3 days should have been and ran away Why did you run away from Kiev why to Power has long been howling the end was this and this would not have controlled I understood you call it that No not at our command gave us the order to retreat, but why did the command give the order to retreat? The war would have ended long ago. I don't understand why Putin gave the order to retreat. If it had, it would have ended already and the guys wouldn't have died, neither yours nor ours. I don't know the law on this question. I won't, I just thought that in the second year everything will now be taken Kyiv and everything and everything will stop it would have already ended yes zan Look yes But it turns out that Putin is dragging it all out instead of taking Kyiv and finishing it he is dragging it out already half a million Russians have died Why if it is possible in 2 days why why Yes mythology of the Russian speaking people fication of the Russian speaking people de nofication of the Russian speaking people once again what Den on
what in short the word I just day in
definition of the Russian people nofication Den
ro de nafiga it's
like yes you and me And what does e mean De
Nafiga Call
Putin war for
deci what is it
deciya defi I'm fighting I'll
come
Yes so I I don't wait you for the words  this is
come on answer I won't tell anyone what
is defi So you say that I will
come Yeah, that's it That's the face of the
Russian world Yes, who came to fight,
he fights for money He is from a depressive,
this is a poor region, he is nothing special in
life for money  went to
fight to kill Ukrainians morally
to start what is it for that they are defending
Donetsk Lugansk And so on what I will come to
you this is just in short a
classic Russian Theme yes come and
everyone like that this is the Russian world
so no illusions about that this
only Putin is fighting you shouldn't
have him
supporting you All these deep
people go to military registration and enlistment offices for
money they kill people in Ukraine
they rob this needs to be spread to the
maximum number  people in
Europe and the US and everywhere like subscribe
comment subscribe to my Telegram right
now ovin and
popk this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg orcs ban and very many
videos I don't show people sometimes I don't show
information about streams that's for you
Mali operational link is written right
now and while there in telegram okm video there is
also interesting and useful information and we are
sorry with you trimati
fast operational link
independently in that che will show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe